Hey guys, in this tutorial I want to
show you how to create 3D model from an
image
that's uh you can create in using chbd
or you can import it from Google. You
can use any image as you want and create
from this image and 3D model. Okay,
first thing first let's go here.
Okay, import.
Okay, before you go to this tutorial, we
have to install the camp UI and the
campi manager. You can get the link of
in the description.
Okay, once it's open it,
go here to template and search for
honeyone 3D or search for 3D.
Okay, you can use as you want one of
those modus. Okay, let's uh choose this
one and three model 2.1 the latest
version. Okay. To use the model, you you
need to download
this file and your 3D V2.1
can download from here.
For me, I already download this file.
Okay, let's add this is my file.
Open confi.
Open from here
and go here.
model is search for checkpoint.
You just need to put this file right
here and uh refresh the page and the
work is uh finished.
Uh okay. Uh let's this image
and convert it to 3D.
Uh for example, let's search for middle.
Okay. Choose
any image.
It converts 3D.
Okay, let's see this one. You have to
choose high quality image.
download save image as
and return it right here.
Go download this and copy up the image.
Uh after that
you just hit run.
It's working right now.
Okay. Now the key you can go ahead here
and export
and the export button is right here. We
can choose any model here and export and
what exports as object.
Okay. Fine.